README.md, before:

# Kindle Fortune

[![forthebadge](http://forthebadge.com/images/badges/made-with-ruby.svg)](http://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](http://forthebadge.com/images/badges/built-with-love.svg)](http://forthebadge.com)

[![Gem Version](https://badge.fury.io/rb/colorls.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/rb/colorls)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/athityakumar/colorls.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/athityakumar/colorls)
[![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=shields)](http://makeapullrequest.com)

A Ruby CLI gem that provides fortune cookie messages on your Terminal, based on the highlights on your Kindle device.

# Table of contents

- [Usage](#usage)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Updating](#updating)
- [Uninstallation](#uninstallation)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

# Usage

[(Back to top)](#table-of-contents)



# Installation

[(Back to top)](#table-of-contents)

1. Install Ruby (preferably, version > 2.1)

2. Install the [kindle_fortune](https://rubygems.org/gems/kindle_fortune/) ruby gem with `gem install kindle_fortune`

3. Start using `kindle_fortune` :tada:

# Updating

[(Back to top)](#table-of-contents)

Want to update to the latest version of `kindle_fortune`?

```sh
gem update kindle_fortune
```

# Uninstallation

[(Back to top)](#table-of-contents)

Want to uninstall and revert back to the old style? No issues (sob). Please feel free to open an issue regarding how we can enhance `kindle_fortune`.

```sh
gem uninstall kindle_fortune
```

# Contributing

[(Back to top)](#table-of-contents)

Your contributions are always welcome! Please have a look at the [contribution guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) first. :tada:

# License

[(Back to top)](#table-of-contents)


The MIT License (MIT) 2017 - [Athitya Kumar](https://github.com/athityakumar/). Please have a look at the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) for more details.

Commit message:

Updates README with screenshot and path args

README.md, after:

# Kindle Fortune

[![forthebadge](http://forthebadge.com/images/badges/made-with-ruby.svg)](http://forthebadge.com)
[![forthebadge](http://forthebadge.com/images/badges/built-with-love.svg)](http://forthebadge.com)

[![Gem Version](https://badge.fury.io/rb/colorls.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/rb/colorls)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/athityakumar/colorls.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/athityakumar/colorls)
[![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=shields)](http://makeapullrequest.com)

A Ruby CLI gem that provides fortune cookie messages on your Terminal, based on the highlights on your Kindle device.

# Table of contents

- [Usage](#usage)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Updating](#updating)
- [Uninstallation](#uninstallation)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

# Usage

[(Back to top)](#table-of-contents)

1. With default arguments : `kindle_fortune`

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/17109060/33320930-ca3235a6-d469-11e7-8595-aa628a88a75e.png)

2. With path arguments : `kindle_fortune [PATH]`

`[PATH]` is the absolute path to your `My collections.txt` file of your Kindle device.

# Installation

[(Back to top)](#table-of-contents)

1. Install Ruby (preferably, version > 2.1)

2. Install the [kindle_fortune](https://rubygems.org/gems/kindle_fortune/) ruby gem with `gem install kindle_fortune`

3. Preferably, install the `cowsay` CLI.

4. Start using `kindle_fortune` :tada:

# Updating

[(Back to top)](#table-of-contents)

Want to update to the latest version of `kindle_fortune`?

```sh
gem update kindle_fortune
```

# Uninstallation

[(Back to top)](#table-of-contents)

Want to uninstall and revert back to the old style? No issues (sob). Please feel free to open an issue regarding how we can enhance `kindle_fortune`.

```sh
gem uninstall kindle_fortune
```

# Contributing

[(Back to top)](#table-of-contents)

Your contributions are always welcome! Please have a look at the [contribution guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) first. :tada:

# License

[(Back to top)](#table-of-contents)


The MIT License (MIT) 2017 - [Athitya Kumar](https://github.com/athityakumar/). Please have a look at the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) for more details.
